That in our application when we need to do to be able to sign users in we first of all need to create
a sign up and sign in page right.
Without that it's going to be pretty hard to store or send any tokens because you won't get them.
So let's start with this and let's create two new components.
A sign up and a sign in page which we can then display to allow the user to do chest death sign in or
sign up.
So here in the terminal I will use the slide to create two new components.
Definitely feel free to pause to view and create them on your own.
I will use the Seelye as just mentioned with ngi GC to create a new component and I want to store all
these authentication related components in all folder.
So actually pass off slash and then the component name as an argument here only a sign up component
and I'll add Spackles false to prevent the creation of this testing file and then I'm going to do the
same for it sign in in the very same folder.
So that should give me a new folder with two components sign up and sign in.
And now it's all about adding something to the components adding some content a form which allows the
user to sign up or sign in.
No I will keep this very very simple since it's not really about forums here.
I will generate a very basic form in which I only want to add a form group using the bootstraps as class
with a label where I expect to get an email because when using firebase authentication you offended
with email and password.
So there are added fields you will need with input type e-mail and a name and an ID of email and a name
of e-mail.
And I'll also add Engy model to it to register this as a control in my template driven form.
So you learned this in the form's module in this course and then I'm going to copy this to also provide
a password field.
Now for this all change that all to password here to type the ID and the name or leave and model on
this and I will add a button where I will simply say sign up an honest but partner I at some bootstrap
Plaza's pattern and pattern primary.
I want to make this pattern of type submit because that should be responsible for submitting the form.
And with that I want to add my energy submit listener here to the overall forum where I will call on
sign up where I need to pass the form.
So let's place a local reference on the old form assign it to NZ form to get access to the underlying
form object angler created for us and pass it to you on sign up.
So here now in the component body I'll add on sign up the Smurfit.
I know that in this method I will receive the form.
Since that is what will pass year we just set this up in a template of type and form which you need
to import from at Angola forums.
And with that here I can now try to you will reach out to firebase and to send that data and sign the
user up.
And now in this map that year I know I can retrieve the email from the form value and then the email
property data to control we added.
And the same or the password.
So that's going to be the data I want to use now.
The one thing which is missing is a way to load the sign up component to see if the form looks all right
and to be able to actually submit it.
Now to be able to load the form I'll go to my app routing module and here I simply want to add new routes
to the app I want to add a route which allows me to handle the sign up path.
So if you want to well sign up in this case I want to load the sign up component so let's quickly reference
it here and make sure to add a word at the top of the file.
It was added to AB module by the seal I automatically dare you of course and to have it.
So that is our sign up component.
Now with that component being in place here and with that route being a place here we should be able
to at least go to our running application and manually wizard slash sign up to see our form looks all
right almost.
We should add a C S S class to our inputs form control to make DS input fields look a little bit nicer.
Because right now they don't.
But we this in place we have a solid sign in form and solid sign up form excuse me a little bit broad
Maybe so we can make this smaller by enclosing it in another row and then setting a let's say call X's
12 to have the full width on small on very small devices call S-M tend to have a bit of a narrower sign
on a sign up for an on less small devices and call MDH you narrowed it down more.
Now you also Center it.
I will also add call as I'm offset one and call M.D offset to these are old bootstrap classes basically
making sure that columns which are displayed on bigger displays which are smaller basically are then
indented so that they are centered.
And with that we got a little bit of a more well narrowed down for them and you can find this to your
needs.
Of course this is the sign up component.
Now I also want to add a link in the header to be able to go there.
So in the head or component if we access it here I actually want to add a new link and I want to add
as you're on the right side of the navigation area.
So I'll add a new list item here and in this list item ongoing to add a anchor tag.
This anchor tag of course will receive the router link directive pointing to the absolute path slash
sign up and I will say register on this link.
Now with that if we go back we see the register link here and correctly loads the sign up page.
So Dadaism plays.
Now let's move onto the next lecture and let's actually enable authentication on our firebase back end
and then learn how we can send the request to the back end to create a new user